 isaacdel 
isaac delarosa 
 ============================== 
== README for Math Functions Interfaces
============================== 

 ================== 
= Description: = 
 ================== 
these classes implement functions on real numbers.
the first two implement an image and a color.

============================= 
= List of submitted files: = 
============================= 
    RGBColor.java            This class represents a color.
    RGBImage.java            This class represents a 2D color image, composed of RGB pixels.
    RealFunction.java        An interface that represents classes that are real valued functions.
    LinearFunction.java      This class implements a linear function as RealFunction.
    QuadraticFunction.java   This class represents a Quadratic function of the form a*(x^2).
    SineFunction.java        This class represents a sine Function.
    CosineFunction.java      This class represents a Cosine Function.
    SumFunctions.java        This class represents a RealFunction that is the sum of the other real functions.
    CompositeFunction.java   This class represents a RealFunction that is the composition of the two functions.
    DerivativeFunction.java  This class represents a RealFunction that is the derivative of an other real function.
    FunctionGraphics.java    This class graphically plots objects that implement the RealFunction interface.
	README                   This file.


====================== 
= Special Comments = 
====================== 
discussed with boris talesnic.
